# Project - Pizza Restaurant

Live Site -> `pizza-website-csb.netlify.app`

## Goals

- Create a Pizza Website with a big Menu
- Build a "deals" section
- Dynamically build a Product Page based on the data of the Item
- Contruct a "Reviews" Page as well as a "Contact" Page
- Make the whole Website look good on every device

## Challenges faced

- There was often an extra space after a grid which belonged to the content of the box model. It took me a while to come up with a Solution but at the end I decided to give all the items in the grid an area of 1fr and I positioned them from there.
- On the "Ratings" page the rating stars were quite complex at first. I decided that when the mouse leaves the star (and a star is clicked), I would first reset the stars and then add back the ones up to the clicked one.
- I had a long lasting difficulty with this line of code:

    `const realQuantity = arrayOfDupes.reduce((a, b) => {
        return a + Number(b.quantity);
        }, 0);`

    (line 21 on `"sub-files/cart-script.js"`)

    The issue was that instead of 

    `a + Number(b.quantity)`

    I had

    `Number(a.quantity) + Number(b.quantity)`;

- Another common problem I had was that sometimes my background image didn't fill the full height of my page.
The simple solution was the set the body's minimum height to 100vh.

    ```
    body {
        min-height: 100vh;
    }
    ```

## What I've learnt

- I have learnt that when you add a Map into session or local storage, you don't get the same back out. So when I need to put a Map into session or local storage again, I will first convert it into an Object.
- I have learnt that there are no "hover" eventListeners, but JS has "mouseenter" and "mouseleave" instead.
- I have also learnt that to diagnose a Problem, I should add a lot of `console.log` statements to find the problem easier.

## Project Info

- The Project began on the 23rd of September 2025 and ended on the 28th of October 2025, lasting a total of 36 Days.
- The project was made solely by me (ctrlshiftbuild)
- The Images on the Website are generated by AI: ChatGPT and Microsoft Copilot.
- Only 2 Fonts were used: "Ubuntu" for headings, and "Nunito" for paragraphs (exception `order-complete.html`).

## Useful Ressources

- `fontawesome.com` (The Icons on this Website)
- `fonts.google.com` (The fonts used in this Project)
- `chatgpt.com` (Part of the Images on this Website)
- `copilot.microsoft.com` (Part of the Images on this Website)

## Conclusion

- While some parts of building this Project were tiresome, I really enjoyed it. I've learnt a lot and I'm really happy about the outcome.
